21. What will happen if a private IP address is assigned to a public interface connected to an ISP?
A. Addresses in a private range will be not routed on the Internet backbone
:사설 IP가 할당되면 인터넷 접속이 불가하다. 사설 IP를 사용하면서 인터넷을 사용하려면 
NAT(Network address translation)를 사용해야한다.

22. Refer to the exhibit. The Bigtime router is unable to authenticate to the Lifetime router.
What is the cause of the problem?
B. The passwords do not match on the two routers
: PPP인증이 성공하기 위해서 양쪽에서 사용하는 패스워드가 동일해야 한다.
PPP(the Point-to-Point Protocol)이란 서로 다른 업체의 원격 액세스 소프트웨어들이 직렬로 서로 연결하여
TCP/IP프로토콜로 통신할 수 있도록 만들기 위해 제정된 표준 규약

23. What will be the result if the following configuration commands are implemented on a Cisco switch?
switch(config-if)#switchport port-security
switch(config-if)#switchport-security mac-address sticky
B. A dynamically learned MAC address is saved in the running-configuration file.
:

24. Refer to the exhibit. The following commands are executed on interface fa0/1 of 2950Switch.
B. Only host A will be discarded when it is received by 2950 Switch
D. All frames arriving on 2950 Switch with a destination of 0000.00aa.aaaa
will be forwarded out fa0/1

25. Which command can you enter to re-enable Cisco Discovery Protocol on a local router 
after it has been disabled?
C. Router(config)#cdp run

26. A Cisco router is booting and has just completed the POST process.
It is now ready to find and load an IOS image.
What function does the router perform next?
A. It checks the configuration register

27. What are three advantages of VLANs?
A. They establish broadcast domains in switched networks
E. They allow access to network services 
F. They can simplify adding, moving, or changing hosts on the network

28. Refer to the exhibit. The output that is shown is generated at a switch.
Which three of these statements are true?
A. All ports will be in a state of discarding, learning, or forwarding
C. The bridge priority is lower than the default value for spanning tree.
E. All designated ports are in a forwarding state

29. Which two commands can be used to verify a trunk link configuration status on a given
cisco switch?
B. show interfaces trunk
C. show interfaces switchport

30. Which two states are the port states when RSTP has converged?
C. discarding
D. forwarding

31.Refer to the exhibit. A technician has installed SwitchB and 
needs to configure it for remote access from the management workstation connected Switch A.
Which set of commands is required to accomplish this task?
B. 
Switch B (config)#ip default-gateway 192.168.8.254
Switch B (config)#interface vlan1
Switch B (config)#ip address 192/168.252 255.255.255.0
Switch B (config)#no shutdown

32. Which of the follwing are benefits of VLANs?
B. They allow logical grouping of users by function
C. They can enhance network security
E. They increase the number of broadcast
: VLAN의 장점은 트래픽을 줄이고, 여러 워크그룹과 리소스를 분리하고, 허용된 사용자만 접속하도록 제한하여 네트워크의 보안을 강화한다는 점

33. What are three benefits of implementing VLANS?
C. A higher level of network security can be reached by separating sensitive data traffic from other network traffic
E. A more efficient use of bandwidth can be achieved allowing many logical networks to use the same network infrastructure
F. Broadcast storms can be mitigated by increasing the number of broadcast domains,
 thus reducing their size

34. Which three statements accurately descibe layer2 Ethernet switches?
A. Microsegmentation decreases the number of collisions on the network
D. In a properly functioning network with redundant switched paths,
each switched agrement will contain one root bridge with all its ports in the forwarding state.
All other switches in that broadcast domain will have only one root port.
E.Switches that are configured with vlans make forwarding decisions based on both layer2 and layer2 address information
: 
-네트워크안에서의 충돌이 줄어든다.
-정상작동하는 중복된 스위치가 있는 경로에서 
해당 브로드캐스트 도메인의 다른 모든 스위치는 하나의 루트 포트만을 갖는다.
-VLAN으로 구성된 스위치는 2계층과 3계층 주소를 기반으로 forwarding을 한다.

35. Which two correctly describe steps in the OSI data encapsulation process?
A. The transport layer divides a data stream into segments and may add reliability and flow control information
D. Packets are created when the network layer adds Layer3 addresses and control information to a segment
: 전송은 데이터흐름을 segment로 나누고, 안정성과 흐름제어를 더한다.
패킷은 네트워크계층에 3계층 주소와 세그먼트 제어정보를 더할때 만들어진다.

36. Which of the following describes the roles of devices in a WAN?
A. A CSU/DSU terminates a digital local loop
D. A modem terminates an analog local loop
E. A router is commonly considered a DTE device
: -CSU/DSU(Channel Service Unit/Digital Service Unit) 


